Add Docker support (#91)
Mogztter/antora-site-generator-lunr: README.md

Please read the [documentation](https://github.com/Mogztter/antora-lunr#enable-the-search-component-in-the-ui) to enable the search component in your documentation UI.

### Using the Docker image

> [The docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/adito5393/antora-v2.3.4-lunr) is build upon [the Antora's official docker image](https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.3/antora-container/#run-the-antora-image) and should be used as a replacement. For example, instead of running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/adito5393/antora-v2.3.4-lunr) is built upon [the Antora's official Docker image](https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.3/antora-container/#run-the-antora-image) and should be used as a replacement. For example, instead of running:
```

    $ docker run -u $(id -u) -v $PWD:/antora:Z --rm -t antora/antora:2.3.4 antora-playbook.yml

You will run:

    $ docker run -u $(id -u) -v $PWD:/antora:Z --rm -t adito5393/antora-v2.3.4-lunr antora-playbook.yml

> The image contains the environment variables `DOCSEARCH_ENABLED=true` and `DOCSEARCH_ENGINE=lunr` set by default. You can [overwrite any variable](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file) when executing `docker run`, for example `docker run --env DOCSEARCH_ENABLED=false ...`. Moreover, the selection of the site generator (i.e. `--generator antora-site-generator-lunr`) is done automatically at the entry-point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image sets `DOCSEARCH_ENABLED=true` and `DOCSEARCH_ENGINE=lunr` environment variables. When executing `docker run`, you can [overwrite any variable](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file) defined in the image. For example:

    $ docker run --env DOCSEARCH_ENABLED=false # ...

Moreover, the site generator is automatically configured on the `antora` command (i.e. `--generator antora-site-generator-lunr`).
```
